bugfix(svelte): fix colliding id's generated from `$props.id` (#13339)
withastro/astro: .changeset/flat-cherries-rule.md

---
'@astrojs/svelte': patch
---

> bugfix: Avoid colliding `$props.id` when rendering multiple islands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a case where `$props.id()` would not be unique across multiple islands
```
